document conda-build: pkg_format: 2 (#11881)
conda/conda: docs/source/user-guide/configuration/use-condarc.rst

   conda-build:
       output_folder: conda-bld

.. pkg_format:

> Specify conda-build package version (pkg_version)
> ----------------------------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify conda-build package version (pkg_version)
-------------------------------------------------
```

> Conda package version to create. ``2`` for ``.conda``, otherwise ``.tar.bz2``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conda package version to create. Use ``2`` for ``.conda`` packages. If not set, conda-build defaults to ``.tar.bz2``.
```
